Add cyclone mortality to documentation (#936)
open-AIMS/ADRIA.jl: docs/src/concepts/disturbances.md

# Disturbances

## Cyclones

> At each timestep, a (potentially distinct) cyclone mortality rate is applied to each location and functional group coral cover. Each cyclone mortality scenario defined as a series of cyclone mortality rates for each timestep, location and functional group. They are the result of applying a set of cyclone category projections generated by ReefMod [1] for each location and timestep, converted to windspeed [2], to a regression that provides coral mortality rate as a function of the cyclone windspeed. The three regression models we use (for massive corals, branching corals deeper than 5 meters and branching corals shallower than 5 meters) come from a data set extract from [3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At each timestep, a (potentially distinct) cyclone mortality rate is applied to each location and functional group. Each cyclone mortality scenario is defined as a series of cyclone mortality rates for each timestep, location and functional group. They are the result of applying a set of cyclone category projections generated by ReefMod [1] for each location and timestep, converted to windspeed [2], to a regression that provides a coral mortality rate as a function of windspeed. The three regression models we use (for massives, branching corals deeper than 5 meters and branching corals shallower than 5 meters) come from a data set extract from [3].
```

> a (potentially distinct)

Needs more explanation. Distinct by/for what?

I feel the second sentence repeats the first.

Author: @ConnectedSystems can you see if it looks better now?

## Heat Stress

[To do]

## References

> [1] -

Reviewer: Missing reference?

Also, why use a non-standard list style?

Reviewer: Sorry, just re-read your initial comment.

ReefMod doesn't have a data package, but I guess you mean their paper? Otherwise there's the ReefMod-GBR repository...

Author: I just thought that was easier to use, but I'll change then.

And I actually meant that ReefMod Engine datapackage we use to run whole GBR scenarios. How do I cite that?

Reviewer: That's not a [data package](https://specs.frictionlessdata.io/data-package/#illustrative-structure) either 😉 

They don't attach a DOI to it, you have to cite the paper and the papers relevant to the data they use.

Regarding the citations, it was fine to use numbers (e.g., "see [1]"), my comment was related to this style:

`[1] - something`

This is not valid markdown.

> Bozec, Y. M., Adam, A. A., Nava, B. A., Cresswell, A. K., Haller-Bull, V., Iwanaga, T., ... & Mumby, P. J. (2025). A rapidly closing window for coral persistence under global warming. bioRxiv, 2025-01.
> Bureau of Meteorology. (2025). Tropical cyclone categories. Australian Government. http://www.bom.gov.au/cyclone/tropical-cyclone-knowledge-centre/understanding/categories/
> Fabricius, K. E., De'Ath, G., Puotinen, M. L., Done, T., Cooper, T. F., & Burgess, S. C. (2008). Disturbance gradients on inshore and offshore coral reefs caused by a severe tropical cyclone. Limnology and Oceanography, 53(2), 690-704.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bozec, Y. M., Adam, A. A., Nava, B. A., Cresswell, A. K., Haller-Bull, V., Iwanaga, T., ... & Mumby, P. J. (2025). A rapidly closing window for coral persistence under global warming. bioRxiv, 2025-01.

2. Bureau of Meteorology. (2025). Tropical cyclone categories. Australian Government. http://www.bom.gov.au/cyclone/tropical-cyclone-knowledge-centre/understanding/categories/

3. Fabricius, K. E., De'Ath, G., Puotinen, M. L., Done, T., Cooper, T. F., & Burgess, S. C. (2008). Disturbance gradients on inshore and offshore coral reefs caused by a severe tropical cyclone. Limnology and Oceanography, 53(2), 690-704.
```

Reviewer: Numbered simply because the references are numbered on other pages.
